# GavaniaPrequalTrilogy
3 in 1 package of the Prequal games of the first main line Gavania video game, prototyped, and initially made in the RPG Maker MZ engine. Mages and Hunters of Gavania crossover at the end of each game, as they are essentially different perspectives of the final battle, with the true ending able to be played after both other games are completed.

Mages of Gavania is the newest game in the Gavania franchise, and takes place about the same time as Hunters of Gavania. The main character, Maryhyme, and her life long best friend, Psymentus, attend the famed University of Shearmagnus, where mages learn to do magic, among other things. As a high school type of simulator, you get to hang out with friends, do various activities, explore the surrounding areas, and unlock the dark secrets of the University, while having to keep on studying to pass the various tests to stay attended in the university. Every once in a while, mandatory trips to places take place, where a lot of the main story events take place. The game's events are based on a 28 day per month calender, where certain things are availible and unavailable on certain days, and during certain hours of the day. The player is able to learn nearly any spell in the game via studdying them in various ways by giving each skill "learned exp", and when it maxes, they learn it and keep it permanently. You may also increase stats individually at the cost of time. The 40+ recruitable students in the game each have their own stat multipliers, move pools, and various different and/or unique traits. There are social stats in the game: Popularity, Group Knowledge, Tiredness, and Karma. Each of the social stats do different things and effect some activities, and even affects how easilly or how hard it is to recruit different students to your squad. The battle system is built on a modified ATB system, where your agility affects how quickly you can move in a turn, until you reach a certain percentage of the meter where you can select your action. Each action has a "casting" time, ranging from instant, to very long time. During this time period, you have to wait until the rest of the meter is filled up before you can attack. If you take damage during this time, it will cause an "interuption", canceling your turn, and reseting your meter completely. This affects both the player controlled characters, as well as enemies. Very high agility makes it possible to attack multiple times in a row. There is also an agro meter for the player controlled characters that allow for control over enemy targeting outside of AOE attacks. Taking advantage of both of these allow for complex strategies to happen, such as dedicating a single party member to a tank role while healers and supporters do their thing while attacking party members deal damage. Spells are learned through story events, but mainly through getting "learned exp" for each one. The majority of melee attacks are gained through melee weapons that basically equip melee skills, such as "Double Slash" that is only "learned" from equipping weapons like swords and daggers. This game takes heavy inspiration from games such as Persona and Fire Emblem: Three Houses.

Hunters of Gavania was the first Gavania game to be prototyped with an RPG Maker engine. Originally made in RPG Maker MV, the Remastered version was built from the ground up in RPG Maker MZ to take advantage of the new technology. Being built off of Mages of Gavania now, the Remaster will have more cohesive, and traditional mechanics seen in some old school RPGs. The game follows a wide linear format, as it is mission based, but completing certain missions unlocks a new explorable area with side content in them, such as optional dungeons, or small explorable areas. Missions are put into 3 different categories; Story, Sidequest, and Unique. Each of the 3 are able to be selected in the main hub area, the Hunters Guild Hideout. Story missions progress the story, and is how new abilities, party members, and areas are unlocked. Sidequests are mainly for getting rewards such as gold, weapons, or armor. Unique missions are only unlocked when certain secret requirements are met, but you are rewared heavilly for completing them. The combat in the remaster is the same as Mages of Gavania (read above). Each character has their own stat multipliers, passives, and skills and a weapon unique to them. Personal weapons can be upgraded to be stronger. Melee skills and magic spells are only equipped via weapons. The main protag, Mahzim, can equip 3 weapons, while everyone else can equip 2 weapons, however, each non-protag character has their own Personal weapon instead. Each weapon has 2 skills on it. All skills have a turn cooldown to it, ranging from 0 to up to 7, depending on the skill, but the majority are between 1-3 turns. Being a mostly gameplay centric game, rather than a story centric game. Story elements are lighter in comparison to most Gavania games. The story mainly revolves around Mahzim, a handyman who lives in the small village of Forfell, to build up his reputation in the Hunters Guild and taking on more and more difficult missions, with the bad guy showing up every once in a while doing stuff.

Episode Q (placeholder name), starts by taking place over a decade before the events of both other games, and follows the origins of the half dragon, half human entity named Quen Dayzr. The story progresses through her life, with a timeskip happening part way into the game that takes place at the same time as the other 2 games, with the game eventually ending at the finale along with the other games. The game is the most linear, but also the most story and character driven out of the 3 games, but also the shortest in game duration.

---

--Contains the following:

-Mages of Gavania

-Hunters of Gavania (Remastered)

-Episode Q (Placeholder title)
